[Music]
hey how's it gone
Dave 2d here so razor just launched a
new line of headphones the nari
headphones and this one here is the nari
ultimate it's their top-of-the-line one
and this is a product that does stuff
I've never seen headphones do before so
a while ago they hit me up they're like
hey we got some headphones we can
actually feel the game that you're
playing you can feel the music that
you're listening to you you can feel the
movies you're watching and I was like
show me show me how this works because
this actually sounds pretty cool so I've
had these for about a week and it does
some of the stuff that raised our claims
it will do but at the same time it's a
bit of a Miss in some other areas now
first things first this is a
pre-production or kind of like an
engineering sample so some of the
experience that I had with this
particular product may not be the same
in the retail version I feel like the
retail version were probably a more
refined version of this but I feel like
I've got a pretty good sample of what
this product will be like it's pretty
well built metal headband but the yokes
are plastic and I would have liked to
have seen metal yokes on a product like
this just like a flagship headset from
razor
I understand they might have used
plastic to keep the weight down and it's
not a poorly made plastic or anything
but metal would have been nice the ear
cups are plastic as well and then the
ear cushions are really comfortable
there's foam on the inside the gel
padded to keep things cooler and it
looks like there's a cut out for people
who are glasses so if you have any kind
of eyewear the arm of your frame will
kind of sit through that slot to make
things a little bit more comfortable the
fit of this thing is very razor-like to
me like these actually feel very similar
on my head compared to the older Kraken
but it doesn't have a user adjustable
headband it just automatically adjusts
your head
depending on the size okay so it's
Wireless it has a dongle it has RGB
lighting but the main feature of the
Naaru ultimate is the haptic feedback
now Razer is calling it hyper sense and
the difference between this kind of
haptic feedback compared to the older
stuff is that supposedly it activates on
a wider spectrum of frequencies you
don't have to program anything it just
automatically detects the sound going
through the drivers and it'll activate
the haptic response and this will work
wirelessly or through the analog cable
that's connected with the 3.5 millimeter
jack so this is a product that should
theoretically work with any kind of
device out there and well from what I've
tested it does now here's the real
question though
how good is it right like how good is
this especially for gaming and well for
some games it's awesome and for other
games it's less awesome so let me
explain when you have a multiplayer game
with a ton of sound effects and a ton of
players I've just actively going ham at
the same spot at the same time it can
get a little overwhelming so something
like overwatch there's just a lot of
stuff happening at once 5v5 like ten
players in a match and when there's a
teamfight there's a ton of sound effects
going on there's guns there's explosions
there's voice lines from the different
characters there's just a lot of sound
and the vibrations from the headphones
can get a little bit distracting and if
you have music on top of that it's like
sensory overload but there are other
games even multiplayer games where it's
not as crazy like fortnight or csgo or
Rainbow six siege where there aren't
like tons of sound effects happening at
the same time in games like that this is
an awesome experience I call the little
sound cues you just feel like you feel
the vibration you feel the feedback you
have better positional audio of where
the players are and what things are
happening it's really cool now it's hard
to describe because it's not just
vibrations in your ear like the strength
or the intensity of the vibration will
kind of change depending on the sound or
the type of sound I'm not sure exactly
how the software does it but it doesn't
just feel like some cheesy vibration the
haptic kind of like amplifies the sound
and just makes it feel more visceral
while you're playing and then there's
other games that are more
environmentally based like subnautica or
tomb raider we're just in these massive
environments and the sound effects in
those games are very deliberate right
like you may hear a groan from a monster
or your steps or your weapons all very
deliberate and clean sounds and in games
like V's the hyper sense really adds
that whole immersion effect so what else
is a good at for certain movies these
are awesome it's like your own personal
sub like action moves in particular
there's usually big sound effects that
accompany strong visuals and it's just a
really cool experience on these
headphones and the same thing with music
like certain kinds of music especially
bass heavy stuff just feels and sounds
awesome on these it's a really cool
experience now there are certain types
of music and certain movies and kind of
shows that don't work that well with
this like classical music sounds and
feels really weird with these it's just
not a good fit and same with certain
videos like if you just watching a
youtube video and
person on the screen is just talking
really loud like if you're watching Lou
from unbox therapy and his volume just
goes up a little bit these things will
start to vibrate it's just a little bit
strange but you can turn it off in the
software right you have pretty decent
control of the haptics in their software
so you have that option here's my take
on these they are not cheap these are
$200 which is a lot of money for any
kind of headphones but if you consider
what these do leave you compared to just
other products on the market they may
not be the best sounding headphones out
there but they delivered an experience
that is completely unique like I've
never experienced haptics like this on
any headphones they bring a certain
element of just immersion to the game's
immersion to movies and that's cool
that's unique I think that if I was on
the market for sign of high-end gaming
headphones I would strongly consider
these I wouldn't get these if you just
want like the absolute best in sound
quality you're probably gonna find
something else for this kind of price
that has like better sound quality but
the experience is unique and I think
it's definitely worth checking out one
thing I don't love about them is the
battery life so these are rated for
eight hours which is okay but the thing
is if you play a lot of games where you
watch stuff a lot and you use the
haptics frequently that's the eight
hours is for if you're using RGB
lighting with the haptic feedback and I
was actually getting around a little bit
over eight hours actually for my testing
but that means you have to charge this
thing really frequently if you don't
like if you kind of forget to charge one
night you want to play you lose out on
the haptics which is a bit of a bummer
eight hours it's kind of on the edge of
what I would consider a long battery
life it's kind of I'd say it's short
actually for headphones okay hope you
guys enjoyed this video thumbs we liked
it subs if you loved it
see you guys next time